(Speaking Ancient Egyptian)
What year is it?
My Lord, it is the Year of the Scorpion.
Truly?!
Yes!
l am Anck-su-namun reincarnated.
Only in body.
But soon...
l shall bring your soul back
from the Underworld...
...and our love shall once again be whole.
l have a gift for you.
Her!
l knew it would please you to watch her die.
The Underworld awaits you.
Burn her!
l shall now go to Ahm Shere
and kill the Scorpion King.
And with his Army we shall rule the world...
...together.
My Lord...
...there is something you must know.
They have the Scepter of Osiris.
l have seen it.
By the time we reach Ahm Shere,
my powers will have regenerated.
And l will have no need for the Scepter.
Keep this with you always.
This chest must never be opened.
l know you can understand me little one.
So you must listen carefully because...
The boy.
It is time to remind you of who you are...
...and of who we are together.
For our love is true love,
an eternal love,
our souls mated...
together as one...
...forever.
Put your mask on!
Let's not scar that pretty face.
You are learning quickly, Nefertiti.
I'll have to watch my back.
Yes... and I'll watch mine.
Bravo! Bravo!
Who better to protect
the Bracelet of Anubis...
than my lovely daughter, Nefertiti.
And who better to protect me,
than my future wife, Anck-su-namun.
Well done, daughter.
The Pharaoh!
PHARAOH: Anck-su-namun!
Imhotep!
Medjai!
My father needs you!
-Go! Save yourself!
-NO!
Only you can resurrect me!
l won't leave you!
Get away from me!
Anck-su-namun!
Imhotep!
My body is no longer his temple!
-Imhotep.
-Anck-su-namun.
Make sure he doesn't move!
(Speaking Ancient Egyptian)
Lock-Nah!
Put the boy down.
l hope your parents enjoyed their journey.
My Lord...
Now there is no need for the boy.
Yes, but we need the bracelet.
It will unlock the Army of Anubis.
The bracelet?
The bracelet is the key?!
What is it?
Fan out! Eyes open! Guns up!
The great god Anubis...
...has taken my powers.
It seems he wishes me to fight...
...as a mortal.
l must face the Scorpion King alone.
No. You must not.
Without your powers he will kill you.
Nothing can stop us.
It is our destiny!
Niy!
l don't want to lose you again.
Niy! Niy!
So you wish to kill me?
And then you would kill him...
...and send his Army back
to the Underworld.
This l cannot allow.
l am your servant!
We shall see.
But he was sent to kill you!
Good.
You have remembered the old ways.
Why?
God help us.
'Til Death!
The Spear of Osiris!
The Army of Anubis shall now be MINE!
No!
Niy!
Anck-su-namun!
HELP ME!
-No!
-Anck-su-namun!
Anck-su-namun.